## `ERC777`



Implementation of the {IERC777} interface.

This implementation is agnostic to the way tokens are created. This means
that a supply mechanism has to be added in a derived contract using {_mint}.

Support for ERC20 is included in this contract, as specified by the EIP: both
the ERC777 and ERC20 interfaces can be safely used when interacting with it.
Both {IERC777-Sent} and {IERC20-Transfer} events are emitted on token
movements.

Additionally, the {IERC777-granularity} value is hard-coded to `1`, meaning that there
are no special restrictions in the amount of tokens that created, moved, or
destroyed. This makes integration with ERC20 applications seamless.


### `constructor(string name_, string symbol_, address[] defaultOperators_)` (public)



`defaultOperators` may be an empty array.

### `name() → string` (public)



See {IERC777-name}.

### `symbol() → string` (public)



See {IERC777-symbol}.

### `decimals() → uint8` (public)



See {ERC20-decimals}.

Always returns 18, as per the
[ERC777 EIP](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-777#backward-compatibility).

### `granularity() → uint256` (public)



See {IERC777-granularity}.

This implementation always returns `1`.

### `totalSupply() → uint256` (public)



See {IERC777-totalSupply}.

### `balanceOf(address tokenHolder) → uint256` (public)



Returns the amount of tokens owned by an account (`tokenHolder`).

### `send(address recipient, uint256 amount, bytes data)` (public)



See {IERC777-send}.

Also emits a {IERC20-Transfer} event for ERC20 compatibility.

### `transfer(address recipient, uint256 amount) → bool` (public)



See {IERC20-transfer}.

Unlike `send`, `recipient` is _not_ required to implement the {IERC777Recipient}
interface if it is a contract.

Also emits a {Sent} event.

### `burn(uint256 amount, bytes data)` (public)



See {IERC777-burn}.

Also emits a {IERC20-Transfer} event for ERC20 compatibility.

### `isOperatorFor(address operator, address tokenHolder) → bool` (public)



See {IERC777-isOperatorFor}.

### `authorizeOperator(address operator)` (public)



See {IERC777-authorizeOperator}.

### `revokeOperator(address operator)` (public)



See {IERC777-revokeOperator}.

### `defaultOperators() → address[]` (public)



See {IERC777-defaultOperators}.

### `operatorSend(address sender, address recipient, uint256 amount, bytes data, bytes operatorData)` (public)



See {IERC777-operatorSend}.

Emits {Sent} and {IERC20-Transfer} events.

### `operatorBurn(address account, uint256 amount, bytes data, bytes operatorData)` (public)



See {IERC777-operatorBurn}.

Emits {Burned} and {IERC20-Transfer} events.

### `allowance(address holder, address spender) → uint256` (public)



See {IERC20-allowance}.

Note that operator and allowance concepts are orthogonal: operators may
not have allowance, and accounts with allowance may not be operators
themselves.

### `approve(address spender, uint256 value) → bool` (public)



See {IERC20-approve}.

Note that accounts cannot have allowance issued by their operators.

### `transferFrom(address holder, address recipient, uint256 amount) → bool` (public)



See {IERC20-transferFrom}.

Note that operator and allowance concepts are orthogonal: operators cannot
call `transferFrom` (unless they have allowance), and accounts with
allowance cannot call `operatorSend` (unless they are operators).

Emits {Sent}, {IERC20-Transfer} and {IERC20-Approval} events.

### `_mint(address account, uint256 amount, bytes userData, bytes operatorData)` (internal)



Creates `amount` tokens and assigns them to `account`, increasing
the total supply.

If a send hook is registered for `account`, the corresponding function
will be called with `operator`, `data` and `operatorData`.

See {IERC777Sender} and {IERC777Recipient}.

Emits {Minted} and {IERC20-Transfer} events.

Requirements

- `account` cannot be the zero address.
- if `account` is a contract, it must implement the {IERC777Recipient}
interface.

### `_mint(address account, uint256 amount, bytes userData, bytes operatorData, bool requireReceptionAck)` (internal)



Creates `amount` tokens and assigns them to `account`, increasing
the total supply.

If `requireReceptionAck` is set to true, and if a send hook is
registered for `account`, the corresponding function will be called with
`operator`, `data` and `operatorData`.

See {IERC777Sender} and {IERC777Recipient}.

Emits {Minted} and {IERC20-Transfer} events.

Requirements

- `account` cannot be the zero address.
- if `account` is a contract, it must implement the {IERC777Recipient}
interface.

### `_send(address from, address to, uint256 amount, bytes userData, bytes operatorData, bool requireReceptionAck)` (internal)



Send tokens


### `_burn(address from, uint256 amount, bytes data, bytes operatorData)` (internal)



Burn tokens


### `_approve(address holder, address spender, uint256 value)` (internal)



See {ERC20-_approve}.

Note that accounts cannot have allowance issued by their operators.

### `_beforeTokenTransfer(address operator, address from, address to, uint256 amount)` (internal)



Hook that is called before any token transfer. This includes
calls to {send}, {transfer}, {operatorSend}, minting and burning.

Calling conditions:

- when `from` and `to` are both non-zero, `amount` of ``from``'s tokens
will be to transferred to `to`.
- when `from` is zero, `amount` tokens will be minted for `to`.
- when `to` is zero, `amount` of ``from``'s tokens will be burned.
- `from` and `to` are never both zero.

To learn more about hooks, head to xref:ROOT:extending-contracts.adoc#using-hooks[Using Hooks].




